[Music]
[Applause]
once you get to closer to the season
you've done all your boat work all your
strength building so I think the main
thing is in your cardio in and one thing
that I did was a you know pull the sled
and really work on sort of explosion
things with the sled but then secondly I
was working a lot of my core being a
pastor sphere I think that you got to
have a really strong core cuz we're in
awkward positions all the time secondly
I did a lot of instability work with the
Werdum X machine using the rubber bands
doing lateral movements doing you know
horizontal movements because on the
field this work converts - you never
want to just have to do a regular squat
or regular bench everything you're going
to do you want to be moving you got to
be stable doing once you get thirty one
year as strong as you want to get I
think it comes down to maintaining that
strength but now what intangible you can
bring to the game and that's like the
drilled I did today working on more good
cardio instead of tearing your body down
using a lot of heavy weights you still
have to do that to maintain your
maintain your strength but the main
thing is staying in shape the whole time
because as you get older you get out of
shape when you think about I think the
maximum performance sure you think about
the ATV 19 because the stability that it
brings when you're pulling the sled like
I did today when you flipping the tires
you got to have some type of stability
in the shoe and a lot of shoes don't
offer that but what about the lightness
the shoe is just as light as a running
shoe you can get out there you can cross
train in it and it's rugged so you can
take it all off terrain
I'll call it the off-road shoes you can
you know run down on trails you can you
know jump over tree stumps and still
have your ankles when you're done with
it so this I think this right here is
the ultimate extreme shoe for someone
that's doing out-of-the-box training and
I'll recommend anybody
you